---
title: ğŸ“ Meeting 17
id: 17
date: 2025-03-18
---

ğŸ“… Date: 18/03/2025  

ğŸ“ Place / Platform: Room 130  

## ğŸ‘¥ Participants  

- Daniel Ferreira  
- Guilherme Rosa  
- Henrique Freitas  
- Henrique Teixeira  
- JoÃ£o RoldÃ£o  
- Rui Machado  

---

## 1. ğŸ¯ Meeting Objective  

- **Checkpoint**  
- **Next Steps**  
- **Concerns**  

## 2. ğŸ’¬ Discussion and Decisions  

### **Checkpoint**  

- **Showcase progress**  
  - **Place Wrapper**  
  - **Frontend**  
  - **Recommendation Service**  
- **Present architecture** and explain what is working and what still needs implementation  
- **Create slides** for the presentation  

### **Next Steps**  

- **Implement questionnaire in the frontend**  
- **Develop missing backend components**  
  - **Trip Manager**  
  - **User Manager**  

### **Concerns**  

- **Risk of presenting the same content repeatedly**  
- **Importance of Jira and GitHub**  
  - **GitHub is crucial**  
  - Ensure proper use of **branches and pull requests**  

---

ğŸ“… **Next Meeting:** 24/03/2025 | **14:00 - 15:00**  