---
title: ğŸ“ Meeting 34
id: 34
date: 2025-05-17
---

ğŸ“… Date: 15/05/2025  

ğŸ“ Place / Platform: Discord

ğŸ‘¥ Participants  

- Guilherme Rosa  
- Henrique Teixeira
- Henrique Freitas 
- JoÃ£o RoldÃ£o  
- Rui Machado

---

## 1. ğŸ¯ Meeting Objective  
- **Daily Standup**
- **Discussion**

## 2. ğŸ’¬ Discussion and Decisions 
### Daily Standup
#### RoldÃ£o
- Did stats appear in frontend
- Fix friends issues
- Missing invitations of group trips and structure division of group and individual trips
#### Rui
- Landing page is done
- Frontend is being fixed
- Did Video Script
- Wanting on RoldÃ£o for trip distintion
#### Freitas
- Must visit places done
- Starting saving of questionarys in supabase
#### Teixeira
- Did Video Script
- Waiting on Freitas for questionary things
- Connecting Backend and Frontend of Get Place Info
- Did activity deletion
#### Gui
- KeyWords is done
- Trips are too equal, need to try to change things in questionary

### Discussion
- Discussed how to do question, questionary, and user preferences

---
ğŸ“… **Next Meeting:** 20/05/2025 | **18:00 - 19:00**  
