---
title: ðŸ“ Meeting 24
id: 24
date: 2025-04-10
---

ðŸ“… Date: 10/04/2025  

ðŸ“ Place / Platform: IETTA  

ðŸ‘¥ Participants  

- Guilherme Rosa  
- Henrique Freitas  
- Henrique Teixeira  
- JoÃ£o RoldÃ£o  
- Rui Machado  

---

## 1. ðŸŽ¯ Meeting Objective  

- **Presentation**
- **SupaBase**
- **Work Distribution**
- **Sprint Review**  

## 2. ðŸ’¬ Discussion and Decisions 
### Presentation
- **Teixeira**: Problem, Main Features, State of the Art (SoA), Requirements  
- **Guilherme**: Use Case, Demo, Architecture, Workflow with Videos  
- **Freitas**: M3 Workplan, What We Learned, M4 Workplan, M4 Backlog   
- **Rui**: Records Demo and cuts for Workflow part
- Talk to **Daniel** about deploy, do we keep old deployment or do new one?
- 11H present to **Daniel**

### SupaBase
- It's very cool
- Still keep userservice that calls supabase
- Supabase leads with user tables and authentication
- User service deals with groups and calls supabase
- Maybe do table for questions

### Work Distribution
- RoldÃ£o -> User System, Log in e Register // Until SÃ¡bado de ManhÃ£
- Rui -> Frontend for Log In e Register; Group Trip Start developing; Guest and User Sidebar Update
- Teixeira -> url with username in home page; UID no tripmanagement e mandar para o frontend
- Freitas -> Regeneration of Route; Estimated Cost (Budget); Zone Trip
- Guilherme -> Regeneration of itinerary; Adapt the amount of place request according to number of days

---

ðŸ“… **Next Meeting:** 14/04/2025 | **10:00 - 12:00**  


