---
title: ğŸ“ Meeting 19
id: 19
date: 2025-03-25
---

ğŸ“… Date: 25/03/2025  

ğŸ“ Place / Platform: Room 130  

ğŸ‘¥ Participants  

- Daniel Ferreira  
- Guilherme Rosa  
- Henrique Freitas  
- Henrique Teixeira  
- JoÃ£o RoldÃ£o  
- Rui Machado  

---

## 1. ğŸ¯ Meeting Objective  

- **Project Progress Review**  

## 2. ğŸ’¬ Discussion and Decisions  

### **Project Process**  

#### âœ… What's Done  
- Place Wrapper  
- Checkpoint Demo  
- Initial connection between **frontend** and **Trip Management Service**  
- Recommendation Service development started  

#### ğŸ”§ What's Missing  
- Route creation module  
- Parsing of questionnaire data into the Recommendation Service  

#### ğŸš§ What We Are Currently Working On  
- Route Wrapper  
- Route Module  
- Frontend connection to Trip Management Service  

## 3. ğŸ“ Task Assignments  

- **RoldÃ£o** â†’ **Map Wrapper, Search Module, Presentation**  
- **Rui** â†’ **Finish Frontend**  
- **Guilherme** â†’ **Recommendation Module**  
- **Freitas** â†’ **Route Module**  
- **Teixeira** â†’ **Connect Frontend with Trip Management**  

---

ğŸ“… **Next Meeting:** 31/03/2025 | **14:00 - 15:00**  
