---
title: ğŸ“ Meeting 18
id: 18
date: 2025-03-24
---

ğŸ“… Date: 24/03/2025  

ğŸ“ Place / Platform: Maker  

ğŸ‘¥ Participants  

- Guilherme Rosa  
- Henrique Freitas  
- Henrique Teixeira  
- JoÃ£o RoldÃ£o  
- Rui Machado  

---

## 1. ğŸ¯ Meeting Objective  

- **Frontend Progress**  
- **Recommendation Service**  
- **Checkpoint Presentation**  

## 2. ğŸ’¬ Discussion and Decisions  

### **Frontend**  

- **Almost complete**  
- **Missing connection** between **backend and questionnaire**  
- **Decision:** Should we include unfinished features in the checkpoint presentation?  

### **Recommendation Service**  

- **Tasks to complete:**  
  - **Create Search Module**  
  - **Develop Map Wrapper**  
- **Work Distribution:**  
  - **Guilherme** & **Henrique Freitas** will divide tasks for the **Recommendation Service**  

### **Checkpoint Presentation**  

- **RoldÃ£o:** Present  
- **Backlog:** Guilherme  
- **Frontend Demo:** Rui  
- **GitHub Overview:** Freitas  
- **Postman API Services:** Freitas  

## 3. ğŸ“ Task Assignments  

- **RoldÃ£o** â†’ **Map Wrapper, Search Module, Presentation**  
- **Rui** â†’ **Finish Frontend**  
- **Guilherme** â†’ **Recommendation Module**  
- **Freitas** â†’ **Route Module**  
- **Teixeira** â†’ **Connect Frontend with Trip Management**  

---

ğŸ“… **Next Meeting:** 25/03/2025 | **18:00 - 19:00**  
