---
title: ğŸ“ Meeting 15
id: 15
date: 2025-03-10
---

ğŸ“… Date: 10/03/2025  

ğŸ“ Place / Platform: Second Floor - Above AETTUA  

## ğŸ‘¥ Participants  

- Daniel Ferreira  
- Guilherme Rosa  
- Henrique Freitas  
- Henrique Teixeira  
- JoÃ£o RoldÃ£o  
- Rui Machado  

---

## 1. ğŸ¯ Meeting Objective  

- **Present the slides to Daniel**  
- **Define remaining tasks before finalizing Milestone 2**  

## 2. ğŸ’¬ Discussion and Decisions  

### **Presentation Feedback**  

- Improve **architecture visibility**  
- Fix **text overflow** in the **FlowChart**  
- **Back-End and Front-End components** should be **dashed** to symbolize **Docker containers**  
- **Update Main Features section**  
  - Improve the **Places section** by incorporating **MockUps**  

### **Final Tasks Before Completing Milestone 2**  

- **Update architecture screenshots**  
- **Complete Jira documentation**  
- **Add additional details to the project timeline**  

## 3. ğŸ“ Task Assignments  

- **RoldÃ£o** â†’ Update **Architecture**  
- **Rui** â†’ **Practice Presentation**  
- **Guilherme** â†’ Update **Jira**, improve **timeline details**, create **Milestone 2 documentation**  
- **Freitas** â†’ **Practice Presentation**  
- **Teixeira** â†’ **Practice Presentation**, **Update Architecture slides**  

---

ğŸ“… **Next Meeting:** 11/03/2025 | **19:00 - 20:00**  
