---
title: ğŸ“ Meeting 12
id: 12
date: 2025-03-03
---

ğŸ“… Date: 04/03/2025  

ğŸ“ Place / Platform: Discord  

ğŸ‘¥ Participants  

- Guilherme Rosa  
- Henrique Freitas  
- Henrique Teixeira  
- JoÃ£o RoldÃ£o  
- Rui Machado  

---

## 1. ğŸ¯ Meeting Objective  

- **Mockups discussion**  
- **State of the Art (SoA) updates**  
- **Flow Chart review**  
- **Architecture adjustments**  
- **Data models discussion**  
- **Use Case gathering**  
- **Task assignments**  

## 2. ğŸ’¬ Discussion and Decisions  

### **Mockups**  

#### **Main Page**  
- Adjusted layout to be **more similar to Stippl**  
- Includes **itineraries and drafts**  
- Discussed **Trip Tabs**  
  - Adapt **Toggle to Tabs**  

#### **Other Mockup Elements**  
- **User Story for Favorite Spots** **(Pending creation)**  
- **Community/Friends Page**  
  - Includes a **Friends Tab**  
- **Trip Creation Page**  
  - Discussed **sidebar navigation** during creation  
  - **Combined Group Preferences**:  
    - How guests access forms  
      - **Notification and highlight in drafts** or **direct external link**  
    - **Remains idle** until all members respond  
- **Form Page**  
  - **Progress bar for forms**  
    - Options: **below the form** or **top bar**  
- **Itineraries Page**  
  - Discussed **itinerary editing page**  
    - Highlight **spots on the map**, then display **detailed info above the map**  

#### **Mockup Assignments**  
- **Rui Machado & Henrique Teixeira** â†’ Figma mockups  
- **Gui** â†’ Define **timeline for completion**  

### **State of the Art (SoA)**  

- One person to **organize content**  
- Those who havenâ€™t added their parts need to **upload them to the Drive**  

### **Flow Chart**  

- Overall **looks good**  
- **Ruiâ€™s suggestion:** Format it properly for **presentation readability**  

### **Architecture**  

- Approved but needs **Danielâ€™s feedback applied**  
- **Add NGINX** (connected to **3 services**)  
- **Add caching for the Recommendation Service**  
- **RoldÃ£o to finalize**  

### **Data Models**  

- **Issues with Google Enterprise pricing**  
- **TripAdvisor API is too expensive**  
- **Gui & Freitas to research alternative options**  

### **Use Case Gathering**  

- **Rui Machado** is reviewing and will continue working on it  

## 3. ğŸ“ Task Assignments  

- **Mockups** â†’ **Henrique Teixeira & Rui Machado**  
- **Use Case Diagrams** â†’ **Rui Machado**  
- **Architecture Finalization** â†’ **JoÃ£o RoldÃ£o**  
- **Data Diagram** â†’ **Henrique Freitas & Guilherme Rosa**  
- **Functional & Non-Functional Requirements** â†’ **JoÃ£o RoldÃ£o**  
- **Flow Chart Finalization** â†’ **Henrique Teixeira**  

---

ğŸ“… **Next Meeting:** 05/03/2025 | **20:00 - 21:00**  