---
title: ğŸ“ Meeting 16
id: 16
date: 2025-03-11
---

ğŸ“… Date: 11/03/2025  

ğŸ“ Place / Platform: Room 130  

ğŸ‘¥ Participants  

- Daniel Ferreira  
- Guilherme Rosa  
- Henrique Freitas  
- Henrique Teixeira  
- JoÃ£o RoldÃ£o  
- Rui Machado  

---

## 1. ğŸ¯ Meeting Objective  

- **Review Milestone 2**  
- **Preparation for Milestone 3**  

## 2. ğŸ’¬ Discussion and Decisions  

### **Review Milestone 2**  

- **Presentation Feedback**  
  - **Actors were missing** from the slides  

### **Preparation for Milestone 3**  

- **Milestone 3 Presentation Adjustments**  
  - **Remove** the following:  
    - **Data Diagram**  
    - **Flow Chart**  
    - **Use Cases**  

- **Checkpoint Discussion**  
  - No slides needed, just need to **show working components**  

- **Tasks for this week**  
  - **Gui** presented **Jira setup**  
  - **Discussion on upcoming work**  
  - **Task assignments**  

- **Workload Division**  
  - **Develop the frontend minimum viable version** first  
  - **Set up APIs** to ensure smooth frontend integration  
  - **Prioritize Recommendation Module**  
    - **Routes Module** will be developed **afterwards** (lower priority)  

- **Ticket Discussion**  
  - Define **what each ticket includes**  
  - Include **expected output** (Wrappers)  

## 3. ğŸ“ Task Assignments  

- **RoldÃ£o** â†’ Wrappers  
- **Rui** â†’ UI & Service Setup  
- **Guilherme** â†’ Service Setup & Recommendation Service  
- **Freitas** â†’ Recommendation Service  
- **Teixeira** â†’ Wrappers  

---

ğŸ“… **Next Meeting:** 18/03/2025 | **18:00 - 19:00**  